This is Lesson 1 of the Gorillabots offseason programming program. Here we will go over
the basics of programming, and then focus that into more FTC related areas.

Programming is the action of instructing a computer / processor to perform an intended task.
This may include creating web applications, physics simulations, and commanding robots. Programming
is dependant purely on logic and math. Computers can only take given information in a literal sense, so
we interface with them through the use of PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES. 

Languages are the connection between our brains and the computer's actions. They are a form in which we
as humans can comprehend the messages, and the processors can compile the code to extract a meaningful
result. However, very strict rules must be followed by the programmer to ensure a functional product.

The language we use in FTC is called JAVA (not the same as Javascript). Java is widely used in every
commercial industry on the planet, and is considered one of the easier languages to pick up. There is 
another form of programming legal for FTC; in the form of Block / Scratch programming. However, due to
reasons I will cover later, these are infinitely worse options than Java.

Java is a class-based, object-oriented language. This means that classes in Java may be treated as 
'objects', making their usage versatile and easy to work with. These concepts will be covered in greater
detail later.
 
 We now have a language to work with, but no way to write in or interact with it. This is where an IDE
 comes in. An IDE stands for an Integrated Development Environment, and is the groundwork for creating 
 things in any given language. This is where we write our code, compile it in a way the robot can understand, 
 upload that code to the robot, and many more things that would otherwise be very difficult.
 
 The IDE we use in FTC is called Android Studio. This is a platform used by developers all over the world for
 creating Android OS applications, such as games and software. We use this because the FTC Control System is
 built upon the android platform, and each time we push code, we effectively re-write the apps within the 
 control system used by the robot. More about this will be covered later.
 
 For now, we will go through the process of setting up Java and Android Studio on your device.